all my friends are denmark Artem and easy we
We play minecraft and again we are looking for hyperrobrin
They greeted each other on themselves
I found the people think mine and then lava
oh oh this is generally unexpected
and
I also think in the distance
in my homeland can move away from you who
watching a video here look there is fog
on well again on the teaser and nafig go herself
for the ball
damn stand, stay that's quiet quiet all
if someone cries in my headphones
so closer and closer I come to
who do i cry here go see i
I will go even stronger
and my headphones pancake and crying some were
baby long ears i have so much ah how
as if stunned by a bomb
small damn here is where I lost man
down there was a little crying standing next
I do not see anything here Tummy hard
damn me is someone next to endearment
pancake
it's sound and ears
all I even headphones
know how loud i even i was forced
Headphones even rush to Pinsk
pained and stupid webrobi found
what
why hirobrina put up i what is
because i'm a red smile every
red slug and by the way its people
attract diamond means there are many
diamond diamond ore attracts him
wedge
oh oh again this cry this cry damn yeah
what for what is this crying
I don't hear like a little baby
crying
oh a
my ears
strengthen it quietly quiet
listen young
diamond yes i will show it so on the diamond on
you see
I didn’t hit damn fog mist mouth but quiet
quietly there is fog and damn again this
endermen kabuto red kitchen it'll tolerate
ok loudly loudly go without me
loud kapets he like it was not going
not very interesting only here presented
there the man quickly stood he walked away
to the left quickly we run we run to the right to the right
right this man went there
right i congratulate you
okay with you was genius already a habit of
past the channel subscribe put
likes to meet again in the third series
bye Bye